When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  When there are multiple people working on the same code, or when you work from different computers from time to time, it is good to have a remote repository.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	Sometimes there might be some versions of code done by other people in remote which might not interest us. If we do it manually, wee can choose which version/branch we really want.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	Fork: Copying a repository on GitHub to GitHub. This is used when we dont have permission to edit the parent repository.
	Clone: Copying a repository from GitHub to local or from one location in local to another location in local. This is used to make changes in the file in local rather than doing it in GitHub, then pushing the changes to it.
	Branches: This is done in local. A branch is created when we need to try a new experimental feature, or when two or more people are working on the same code.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
	In case of a repository having very large number of commits, then knowing the last known state of the remote would make a big difference in just syncing up the remaining smaller number of commits.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
	Without Git or GitHub we need to mail the changes to the other person and ask for their feedback. It would hard as we cant compare code like as we do now in Git/GitHub. Also commenting on the mistakes and again tracking if the other person has fixed the issue would be hard too.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
	When we need to get feedback from other people who work on the same code, we can make changes in a separate branch. If we make changes in the master, other people will not know what update has happened to the master unless we do it through a separate branch and make a pull request.